Add telescope extension (#69)
cbochs/grapple.nvim: README.md

})
```

### Telescope

> You can use telescope to search through your tagged files instead of the built in pop up menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use telescope to search through your tagged files instead of the built in popup menu.
```

Load the extension via
```lua
require("telescope").load_extension("grapple")
```
Then use this command to see the grapple tags for the project in a telescope window
```

> :Telescope grapple hooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:Telescope grapple tags
```
